filebeat benchmark input and discard output (#37437)
elastic/beats: x-pack/filebeat/docs/inputs/input-benchmark.asciidoc

[role="xpack"]

:type: benchmark

[id="{beatname_lc}-input-{type}"]
=== Benchmark input

++++
<titleabbrev>Benchmark</titleabbrev>
++++

beta[]

> The Benchmark input generates generic events and sends them to the output.  This can be useful when you want to benchmark the difference between outputs or output settings.

Reviewer: [Doc lint]
```suggestion
The Benchmark input generates generic events and sends them to the output. This can be useful when you want to benchmark the difference between outputs or output settings.
```

Example configurations:

Basic example, infinite events as quickly as possible:
["source","yaml",subs="attributes"]
----
{beatname_lc}.inputs:
- type: benchmark
  enabled: true
  message: "test message"
  threads: 1
----

Send 1024 events and stop example:
["source","yaml",subs="attributes"]
----
{beatname_lc}.inputs:
- type: benchmark
  enabled: true
  message: "test message"
  threads: 1
  count: 1024
----

Send 5 events per second example:
["source","yaml",subs="attributes"]
----
{beatname_lc}.inputs:
- type: benchmark
  enabled: true
  message: "test message"
  threads: 1
  eps: 5
----

==== Configuration options

The Benchmark input supports the following configuration options plus the
<<{beatname_lc}-input-{type}-common-options>> described later.

[float]
==== `message`

This is the value that will be in the `message` field of the json document.

[float]
==== `threads`

> This is the number of go routines that will be started generating messages.  Normally 1 thread can saturate an output but if necessary this can be increased.

Reviewer: I believe the correct spelling is "goroutine"/"goroutines", that's how the official docs spell it, like [Effective Go](https://go.dev/doc/effective_go)

```suggestion
This is the number of goroutines that will be started generating messages.  Normally 1 thread can saturate an output but if necessary this can be increased.
```
